Doc: Clarify the target of ticket number reference (#9660)
OSGeo/gdal: doc/source/user/configoptions.rst

      Used by :cpp:func:`OGRLineString::transform`.

>       Can be set to YES to remove points that can't be reprojected. See
>       http://trac.osgeo.org/gdal/ticket/3758 for the purpose of this option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Can be set to YES to remove points that cannot be reprojected. This can for example help reproject lines that have an extremity at a pole, when the reprojection does not support coordinates at poles.
```
